Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
BUJJI THALLI
Please, Raju.
Don't go fishing.
I won't leave you.
- Promise?
- I won't. Okay?
The storm shows no signs of letting up.
Pile them up in the storage deck.
You promised!
What's this?
As soon as I return from fishing,
we'll get married.
Daddha, the waves are getting stronger.
Turn the boats around, now!
If you're leaving now,
it's not just to go fishing.
You're leaving me for good.
Hey, Raju!
Think again!
Sathya?
What's this, dear?
Let's go home, dear.
- Dad.
- Yes, dear?
Find a groom for me.
What did you say?
You know I think carefully
before making decisions.
Not the studs, sister.
Give me the hangings.
What is it?
When he wasn't in the village,
I didn't care about how I looked.
When he was around,
I wanted to look the way he liked.
But now that
he's no longer in my life,
I feel like looking my absolute best.
Are you angry with him?
When there's no love,
how can there be any anger, sister?
So, what does
the groom do for a living?
The name is Murali.
Do you know
there's a finance company in our village?
He's working as
a recovery agent for them.
As a recovery agent,
he collects monthly installments.
If not, he confiscates the goods.
What's all this
fuss about recovery
when we're heading
for a wedding proposal?
- First, hold on to it tight.
- Keep going.
What is it?
What are we waiting for?
Please call the girl quickly.
I can't stay patient any longer.
I have a few recoveries
to complete. I need to go.
Wow!
She's so beautiful!
Does my face deserve
such a good-looking girl?
She must have been
pressured into this meeting.
This won't work out anyway.
Please sit.
Sit down.
If you need some privacy,
go over there. We're okay with it.
- Dad.
- You have something to say?
- I agree to this wedding.
- Sathya!
That's good!
Clearly, the groom is double okay.
Look at him gape.
Let's hurry up then, brother-in-law.
Hand us your daughter's horoscope
and we'll fix an auspicious date.
Sure.
Hey! What are you saying, Dad?
Have you seen me?
In seven generations of our family line,
has there ever been a girl
as beautiful as her?
The horoscopes must have matched,
that's why the girl agreed.
No matching the horoscopes, etc.
Let's fix the wedding straight away!
Isn't your Shiva mighty?
Is it true your heart's desire gets
fulfilled the moment you wish for it?
Hail Lord Shiva!
Why did you want to meet?
I need to tell you something.
Sure. Go ahead.
Just say it.
His name is Raju.
There you go!
I was wondering how everything
surprisingly fell into place!
You agreed to the wedding
and got me flying into heaven.
With just a word "Raju,"
you brought me down like that.
But I will marry you.
What are you saying?
Please be clear.
For you to understand…
I'll have to elaborate.
As wages are high,
our men travel 2000 kilometers
from our village, D. Matchilesam,
to the Gujarat port
on contracts to catch fish
for nine months.
After one month of fishing,
they reach the port
and hand over the lot to the owner
before returning to the sea.
During this one month at sea,
they won't even have
proper network connectivity.
Alright, go ahead.
Check this out, guys.
For this fishing season,
he is the Thandel.
Daddha.
What happened?
Oh my God, they caught us!
We're dead.
The recovery guys are coming.
Here comes the nasty gang to loot us!
We either have to hand over the stock
or part with 50,000 rupees.
- We can't escape this time.
- Just wait.
Hey, Raju!
He's in his own world.
He is waiting for Sathya's call!
He is totally lost in his mobile.
Why would he care about
the stuff on the boat?
Come on, have it.
Hey!
His phone is out of coverage. Not yours.
Don't worry.
He'll call you anyway.
- Brother! Brother!
- Please wait, brother.
- Please, brother.
Give me the money,
or part with the load.
This is our final hunt, brother.
- These are just boys. Please leave them.
- Hey!
Get the load!
- Brother! Please leave us this one time.
- Please, brother.
- Please, brother. Just once…
- Just wait.
- No, brother.
- Brother, wait!
My precious.
My precious!
My precious?
Raju!
My…
- Raju!
- Hey! You…
Raju?
Hey, Raju.
My precious!
Tell me. What's up?
What's this, Raju? You called after
so long and won't even speak.
The signal tower is troubling me.
- So, I'm setting it up.
- What?
- Setting up?
- Yes, my precious.
How dare you touch my Bhavani?
You scoundrel!
What's wrong, Raju?
Can't you wait to die?
More than the unstable signal,
it's you troubling me without talking.
Raju!
Please be on the line for a minute, dear.
Without speaking.
Steer the boat to the jetty, Daddha.
Let's rock this show!
Daddha, forget a rupee,
not even a little fish
must leave this boat.
After a month's fishing,
this is the first time
we're hearing his voice.
I'd spend a month
just to hear him speak this one day.
My precious one.
It's so refreshing to have
a hot water bath.
Raju, tell me something.
Do you like taking a hot water bath
or spending time with me?
I'd enjoy it even more
if you were the one bathing me.
Gosh!
What are you saying, Raju?
If Dad hears…
Despite the countless distances
We've traveled together
I'm never tired of this journey
Despite the countless shores
That lie between us
They are no obstacles at all
Time flies when I'm with you
It's so unjust when you're away!
Even the second hand on the clock
Slowed to an hour's pace!
With you, time melts away
Without you
Even the dates on the calendar
Seem to stand still
As if it's been a year
Oh my love, my love!
I turned my ship's sail towards you, dear!
I adorned myself
Awaiting your arrival
I will soar through the skies
And sail through the clouds
Until I rest in your embrace
I'll be restless
Adorned in hues so bright
Dazzled by spots
Until I see you
My eyes cannot sleep
Your words sound like
The waves crashing to me
This gentle breeze touches me
Like your call
You totally refrain from eating meat
when he's away for nine months.
You don't even eat eggs.
- How do you control your urge?
- I'll eat again when Raju comes back.
What kind of romance is this?
Not eating while he's away,
hoisting a flag on the lighthouse…
What nonsense!
It's not like that.
We've seen a lot of regret from childhood.
While I was away for my studies,
I used to visit the village
only once every six months.
He's been away for nine months,
occupied with fishing.
That's the reason for this romance.
What is this boss?
What will I tell my guys
if you pay so less?
What are you worried about?
I'll take care of it.
As soon as I return,
we'll eat only in hotels.
- What do you talk about for so long?
- We'll dress up nicely.
- Just hang up and sleep off.
- Buzz off.
What time will you arrive?
Eight more hours, dear.
Raju, just eight more hours!
I can't wait to see you.
- Hey, Lachi. Give the bag to Mom.
- Okay, bro.
- What about the payment?
- I'll distribute it later.
- What's with him?
- It's love!
Oh my love, my love!
I turned my ship sails towards you, dear!
I adorned myself
Awaiting your arrival!
Hey!
The three months I spend here
are equal to nine months for me.
That means each day
counts as three days.
My God! We shouldn't leave a gap.
Let's get wild!
Aunty, leave it.
I brought hot water.
What are you looking at?
Give him a bath.
You wouldn't like it if I did.
Besides, we have plenty of time for that.
Oh, wow!
What is it?
Why are you glowing like that?
It feels like I'm dying
And I swear on you
When you, in my dreams
Appear before my eyes
As if there is no difference
Between the earth and the sky
I could walk among the stars
With you by my side
Can there be true love
Without any challenges?
Only after enduring this pain
We can appreciate the sweetness of love
Oh my dear, my dear!
I've sailed across oceans for you, dear!
I've poured all my love for you, dear!
Hey, Rambabu.
They're long dead.
They aren't going anywhere.
Eat slowly.
Or you might choke.
Yes, darling.
You're a big fan of meat, aren't you?
Why do you vow
to give it up until I return?
I won't from now on.
I'm unable to stop myself
from eating meat.
- Have it.
- This is the final time.
Raju is just like his father, Veerayya.
He was a leader
to all the fishermen in our village.
He lived for his people
and also died for them.
Raju took after his father.
He believed that if the woman of the house
took charge, the home would thrive.
He'd hand over every penny
he earned from fishing to the womenfolk.
He'd stand strong
whenever his team faced challenges.
- Daddha!
- Give me a quarter.
Here you go.
What's wrong with Daddha?
What's wrong, Daddha?
They stopped fishing in
our neighboring Munugudu
and began mining sand instead.
The contractor gave a bribe
and secured the government's permission.
- We got the permission to mine here.
- Sir, you know very well
what happened when you mined sand
where you shouldn't have.
- The entire vil--
- The entire village drowned.
You should've taken measures
to save your lives.
I'll pay compensation when lives are lost.
Now go away.
He doesn't care about our lives.
It feels so humiliating that
I don't want to be called a leader.
He undermined our dignity.
He dishonored our place.
After letting go of all of this…
What do we know?
We don't know anything.
He even mocked our dialect!
Your worthless lives,
and your broken accent.
Even after the entire village
begged him,
he spoke in a demeaning way
about our profession.
Get lost!
You losers!
Guys, come on!
Dear.
I'll take care of it, dear.
Your son?
The taste of water
changes with the region,
the smell of soil shifts, the wind,
and even the accent and language.
That's what defines us.
They're as pure as a mother's love.
My father told me this
when I was ten years old.
He must be over thirty now.
Doesn't he even know how to say this much?
If this is how it is with Munugudu…
imagine what it'll be like
if it reaches Matchilesam!
A festival of chaos!
Raju's speech about our community's
survival and roots
touched everyone in the village.
They decided to shape Raju's legacy
to be as remarkable as Veeranna's.
A true leader is someone who sees
the village's problems as their own.
In our language, "Thandel."
Raju stood strong for
each one of us today.
By tradition, this festival crowned
Raju's father and me
as the Thandel of this village.
From now on…
Raju is our Thandel!
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
Hey, hear the crazy rhythm!
Beating the damaru aloud
Shake the eight directions
O Lord of Dance!
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
Start with the rhythmic beat!
Pour out your elixir
Let my heart be as pure as silver
O Lord Kundaleshwara
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
All hail Lord Shiva!
Hail, hail, hail to Shiva!
Open your third eye
And burn down our sins
All hail Lord Shankara!
Shiva Shiva Shiva Shankara!
Twirl your trident
And show us the right path
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
You're the first lover
Is there a match?
There's no one in this world
Who can come close to you
The desires of millions
Of your devotees
Are fulfilled by you, yourself
For Mother Parvati,
You gave half of your body
O Ruler of the Cosmos!
You shield us from all sorrow
You're our constant companion
You are the best husband
O Maheshwara!
You're the beginning
You're at the end
You're the protector
At all times
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
Shiva! Shiva! Shiva! Shiva!
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
Shiva! Shiva! Shiva! Shiva!
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
Shiva! Shiva! Shiva! Shiva!
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
Shiva! Shiva! Shiva! Shiva!
Salutations, salutations
Salutations to Shiva!
- Sathya, come here!
- Raju, come on!
- Let's cut the cake.
- Come here.
Here you go, dear.
- Cut the cake.
- Cut the cake, dear.
This is your gift till your birthday.
Look at it tick away!
- Don't listen to him. Let's go.
- What's this, Chandra?
I'm talking here.
Why are you dragging her away?
Stop with your useless gifts.
You flatter her and then head off to work!
I'll have to deal with her
for the next nine months.
Sister, it's her birthday.
Brother-in-law only gets
three months with her.
Shut up!
He'll pamper her now and leave.
Later, I'll be dealing with
her tantrums and health issues.
You won't understand now.
Just wait until you marry Raju.
- You'll know what it feels like.
- Chandra!
- How's it going, brother?
- Brother, you've had enough. Give me some.
- Leave her alone.
- Sister!
It's done.
Don't make that face now.
Why don't you share a drink with brother?
Everything will fall into place.
She used to be worried even when
I went fishing from the village.
When her brother-in-law is going
fishing for months together,
you can understand how she'd feel.
Here comes your call.
Go on.
Not just the movie,
we're also going to buy cotton.
Dear…
you go to bed early as it is.
It's getting late.
Look at your eyelids drooping.
You're sleepy. Go to bed.
Hey…
I wanted to stay up all night
talking to you.
But you're asking me to sleep.
Don't you like spending time with me?
I love it.
You're always the same.
You keep saying this
and that about your friends,
and disappear while I'm talking.
You don't love me at all!
Oh my love, my love!
Oh my love…
Thandel!
Dear Raju…
this is our pride.
Jai Durga Bhavani.
This is our courage.
- Hello?
- Raju.
I'm going in, my precious.
The signal will drop.
- My precious!
- At least talk to me until then.
- Raju, tell me something.
- What?
How can you go so many days
without talking to me or seeing me?
Don't you miss me at all?
I spend a month at sea
just to talk to you for a day.
For those three months I'm with you,
I'd happily endure nine months.
My precious.
My precious?
Hello? Raju?
- My precious…
- Raju?
- Can you hear me?
My precious?
Raju?
Mom?
- Chandra…
- Hello, Mom?
- What's wrong, Mom?
What happened, Mom?
Brother…
What?
What happened to him?
All of us were catching fish.
All of a sudden,
their boat capsized.
We couldn't find them anywhere.
It was strange.
They floated at a distance after an hour.
I don't know how to console you, sister.
Don't stay like this.
How can you possibly console me?
It was Dhana today.
Tomorrow, it'll be me. And then, you.
Everyone is destined to die.
But us?
We take death head-on.
Get used to such a life
from now on, Sathya.
What's it, dear?
Unable to sleep?
You attended a funeral.
It's okay to feel like that.
Dad, clarify one thing for me.
Those born into our caste
are expected to go out for fishing, right?
Then why do you always
stay back at home stitching nets?
Why don't you go out
fishing in the ocean?
What is it, Dad?
Why won't you say anything?
I used to go fishing as well, dear.
I was crazy about fishing.
Like Veerayya, Raju's father,
I also wanted to become a leader.
Both of us had this competitive streak.
One day, we went fishing…
and came back home…
Saraswathi!
Forget about Saraswathi, Somaiah.
She died from a heart attack.
Forget seeing your mom
for one last time,
I couldn't even recognize
her final resting place.
Gowramma.
She used to let you sleep in her home.
If I went fishing,
who would take care of you, dear?
That's why
I stopped going fishing from that day.
But in Raju's case,
why didn't you stop me, Dad?
My wish is that you don't marry him.
But marrying him is your wish.
Even now,
I'm leaving the choice to you, dear.
I hope Raju doesn't remain
just in people's memories like his father.
And like Raju's mother,
I don't want you to be
stuck living in memories.
- My precious!
- You always came back in thirty days.
Why are you late by six days this time?
Do you know how my hands tremble
once I'm done applying the kohl?
You're the leader, right?
You could have returned earlier.
What's wrong with you, dear?
Why are you restless?
Are you missing me?
Come soon, Raju.
I'm worried.
Alright, don't worry.
We'll start tonight.
Rajesh looks skilled with the net.
- This time, hunting would be awesome.
- Raju!
Raju, will you give me your word?
Just my word?
- I'll give you my life.
- Please don't say that.
Hearing that makes my heart race.
What's bothering you?
What happened?
- Shekar brother went fishing and…
- I got the news.
Is that the cause of your worry?
Don't worry.
Come on, my precious.
As soon as I reached the village,
we would excitedly run for the flag.
Now, we're walking without enthusiasm.
Raju…
I wanted to ask you something.
Before that, I've got to share
something with you.
As usual, the boss withheld
seven months of wages.
I don't understand what he gains
by holding onto our hard-earned money.
Well, let him do that.
But he gave us a boat
for the next fishing trip.
I'm not sure how to express
this growing fear inside me.
The way you look
when you wear this color, my dear…
Just great!
Stop praising me.
Will you always stay around
for me to wear new clothes every day?
Our lives are measured
in nine months and three months.
I'm so happy, even if Raju
is here for only three months.
What if he stays for the whole year?
- It feels so great.
- Not at all.
Aren't you worried?
What do you mean?
A man has to work!
- Here we go again.
- How else will he provide?
Yes, enjoy it all by yourself!
Dear.
Come, sit here.
I tried every possible way.
He doesn't understand why I'm like this.
And I have no idea how to tell him.
Ask him directly. He'll agree.
When has he ever said no to you?
My dear…
see how fast the days have passed.
Don't be like this, please.
I can't handle this, Raju.
Ever since what happened
to Chandrakka's family
I've been feeling terrified.
Please, Raju, don't go fishing.
Why say this all of a sudden?
Such things happen. So what?
You can't just stay home.
Please, Raju, don't go.
Think whatever you want.
I can't live without you.
Look.
I've spent three months of your stay
here with so much joy.
But during the nine months you go fishing,
the fear of something happening
to you eats at me.
Forget all of this.
To be honest, the last month…
is more painful than childbirth, Raju.
Please understand my fear, Raju.
Don't go.
So this is why you've been
silent and upset all these days?
My dear.
Death can take anyone, even at home.
I'm Thandel Raju now.
I'm stronger at sea than I'm on land.
Even if the boat sinks, this Raju won't.
I've been fishing for ten years.
Look, has anything
ever happened till now?
- Why are you scared?
- Don't. No, Raju!
No matter what courage
you talk about, you're not going!
Stay back!
Come, sit.
Dear…
don't be like that.
Please don't be like that.
Alright. I'll always stay with you.
Dear.
Okay, I won't go.
Please don't be like that.
- I won't leave you.
- Really?
- Promise?
- I said I won't leave.
Smile now.
Just smile!
Why isn't Raju answering my calls?
Maybe he's with his girl.
Three months is fine.
But if you stay back for the entire year,
what am I supposed to do with you?
Raju, come to the station
by 7:00 a.m. tomorrow.
- Alright?
- Okay.
Did you tell your friends
that you aren't going?
Why are you silent?
Don't start stressing
about finding work tomorrow.
Work will come to you, just wait and see.
No matter where you are,
you're always the king.
I don't have to stop eating meat.
We can go wherever we want.
Raju, tell me one thing.
Should we keep this phone
or throw it away?
We have nothing to do with it anymore.
My precious.
Are you falling asleep?
Yes, dear.
My eyes are getting heavy.
Alright, sleep well.
Hold me tightly.
Everyone, hurry up!
- What's going on?
- I'm coming too, Uncle.
Are you tagging along?
- What's this, Daddha?
- Actually, Suri…
What can we say?
His dad is greedy
for even a single day's wages.
He isn't listening to us.
I'll keep an eye on him.
Alright, come on.
Let's rock! Okay?
Hey, load up fast!
Quit loitering around.
Raju!
Alright then. See you.
You promised!
- What are you doing?
- My precious.
I thought you'd understand
what I meant. I said it casually.
Understand, my foot!
I don't need all that.
Just tell me, are you
staying with me or not?
Fine, dear. Let's step aside
and talk. Everyone's here.
I don't care about them!
Are you staying or not?
Come here.
All these years,
I've been going and returning.
Has anything bad ever happened?
Look…
after this trip, we'll get married.
I'm the Thandel!
I have to go. Just smile
and send me off this time.
Please, dear.
If you're leaving now,
it's not just for fishing.
You're leaving me for good.
- Why are you saying such things?
- Because that's how I feel.
What now?
Are you worried about losing
your title and honor?
I have 21 people relying on me
as their leader.
And through them, 70 more
in our village depend on me.
To keep them fed for 12 months,
we have to work for nine.
I don't care about all that!
It's either me or Thandel!
To me, nothing in this world
matters more than you!
Every time I return, I come to see you,
even before visiting my mother.
Then why don't you stay back?
Stay back, Raju.
Please.
Just for me.
Raju.
Swear on me.
I'm asking for the last time.
Are you staying or leaving?
I can't stay back.
Don't cry, dear.
I can't bear to see you like this.
- Please, just smile once.
- Bro, the train's leaving! Hurry up!
You always send me off with a smile.
I can't bear to see you like this.
- Just this once, dear.
- Brother, time's up! Come on!
Why is he not coming?
- Dear, the train is moving.
- She'll calm down and call, brother.
Get in! I'm coming!
Everyone, go!
Daddha, get in!
Darling, listen to me.
The train is leaving.
- Come fast, Raju!
- Come on!
They all trust me.
I can't leave them.
- Please understand. I'll call you.
- Raju!
- Please don't feel bad, dear.
- Hey!
- I'll call you as soon as I get off.
- Come on!
- Raju!
- Don't give me that look.
- Hurry up!
- We'll speak on the phone. Right away!
Don't be like that, my precious!
I'll be back soon!
Hey, smile a little!
Darling…
you're a part of me.
We're not apart.
How can I say I like you
this much and that much?
Not hollow words.
Give me a straight answer.
- How much do you like me?
- Who is speaking hollow words?
No, dear.
Like a flickering flame in the wind
My soul sways yearning to reach you
Like the moon
Cloaked in stormy clouds
My world darkens
Without a word from you
Like a boat caught in the whirlwind
Rising and falling
I'm struggling to stand straight
Just for you
My soul awaits
O precious
Just for me
Speak a single word
My precious
Is the net strong enough, my precious?
I'm asking you…
Alright. I got it.
I cannot call you "my precious." Right?
Like a fish without water
Like a sky without stars
Where's life within me
Without your words?
This time, I'll come right on time
Fall at your feet for my crime
I'll slap myself, my heart will grieve
I promise you, I'll never leave
I can conquer the tides of a salty sea
But drown in tears you shed for me
My precious!
There's one bar of signal left.
Say something.
Please, just say something, dear!
At least say, "Raju," and hang up.
That will keep me going for a month.
Darling! Can you hear me?
Please say something!
Why are you punishing me
with your silence?
Please don't be so stubborn.
Darling, the signal will be lost.
Please say something, my precious!
Just for you
My soul awaits
O precious one
Just for me
Speak at least a single word
My precious
All this time apart we've stayed
Sweet longing in my heart has stayed
Life turned bitter
Without your love
What gift will win your heart today?
How do I persuade you?
Tell me the price to end this fight
I'll pay the bribe to make it right
No storm stirs around me
Yet I'm drowning endlessly
Show me the way
Why all this?
How long can you keep doing this?
I've got to, sister.
This is the only way to show him
the fear and pain in my love.
I didn't smile when he left.
I didn't even speak
when he called from the boat.
Wait and see.
As soon as the boat docks in 30 days,
he'll come running straight to me.
Just for you
My soul awaits
O precious, just for me
Speak at least a word
My precious
Hey! What is this?
Will you speak to him or not?
- Continue writing. B-A-T, Bat.
- Hey, she doesn't want to speak.
Put me on speaker, Mom.
Here, you're on speaker now.
Speak louder.
- Here.
- Please, dear.
At least talk to me now.
I've been calling for so many days.
Not a single word from you yet.
See, if you still don't speak to me now,
I swear I will…
We need to go fishing, dear.
Raju, are you getting on the boat?
The boat has started, sister.
Ask her to say just one word!
Talk to him.
My precious!
Darling, please don't sulk like that!
Hey, Sathya! Sathya!
Hey, she's leaving.
Just for you
My soul awaits
My precious
Just for me
Please speak a word
My precious
I was done with Raju that very day.
He couldn't stay away from the sea.
And I couldn't stay calm when he left.
Love comes with fear and trust.
But in our case,
fear consumed our entire love.
I don't want such a love anymore.
After Raju left,
I felt like I was
gathering the remains of my life.
If there's one person left
in this world for me, it's my father.
The only thing that can bring him joy
is my wedding.
Before I marry you,
I need to say three things to Raju.
I need to tell him I didn't betray him.
I should tell Dad, who
left fishing because of me.
I need to tell him that
he's no longer a part of my life.
These three sentences
and three minutes,
that's all we have left between us.
I got it.
From this moment on,
I'll be waiting
for Raju to come back.
Daddha!
The storm is intensifying.
Ask everyone to stay alert. Speed up!
Hey, Suri!
- Dad!
- Look after everything at that end.
- Careful!
- Okay!
I'll take care of it.
Come on, guys!
The storm isn't abating!
Move everything into storage!
Okay, Dad!
Hey, careful!
Guys, the fish are falling!
Come on!
Hey! Go near the engine!
Pull faster, guys!
Hey! Be careful!
Hey, Kittu!
Careful!
Hey, Bhairi!
- Hold on to Kittu.
- Okay, Daddha.
Hey, stay back!
Grandpa!
Kittu!
- Grandpa!
- Kittu!
Hey!
Why aren't you careful?
- Bhairi, take Kittu into the storage area.
- Okay.
Hey, hurry up! Get in!
All boats, listen up.
Turn South to 42 degrees!
Daddha, 42 degrees towards the South!
The waves are growing stronger.
Turn quickly, turn fast!
All boats, align in a single row
and move quickly!
Turn quickly!
Daddha!
Look over there!
That small boat seems stuck in the waves.
It looks like it's out of control!
Daddha!
Hurry up!
The big ship is about to crash
into the small boat!
- Help!
Help…
Raju, that boat isn't one of ours.
Think about it.
Hey, why are they going that way?
Let's move that way.
Turn fast. Turn!
Appanna! The anchor!
- Hey!
- Yes, Raju!
Yes, alright.
Help, brother!
Brother! Help!
Hold on tight.
Help! Help, brother!
Brother! Help!
Raju!
Hold on!
Pull, guys! Harder!
Lachi, pull!
- Pull! Faster!
- Come on!
- Pull, guys! Come on!
- Pull!
Faster!
Pull, guys!
Gowramma!
You got a letter from the RDO office.
Take a look at this.
JAI DURGA BHAVANI
"Jai Durga Bhavani."
- "Mother, two months ago…"
- Mother, two months ago
at the Veeravalli port,
twenty-two people were on a boat fishing.
All of us were caught
up in a dangerous storm.
He's awake.
Where are you from?
What's your name?
Where do you belong, brother?
Where are you from?
- What's a Pakistan ship doing here?
- Why did they come towards us?
Be warned!
You've entered Pakistani waters illegally.
You're under arrest.
After capturing us at sea,
they took us to their court.
Until they determine whether
we're fishermen, terrorists,
or if we came with another agenda,
they've ordered us to be jailed.
While saving someone in the storm,
he crossed the border unknowingly.
The Pakistani Navy police arrested them.
Everyone, take off your clothes.
- Strip down completely.
- Take off your clothes!
Don't do it, sir.
- My son and grandson are also here.
- Hey! Strip!
Hey! Get lost!
- What is it, dear?
- Raju…
if you take longer this time,
we'll get married,
and by the time you return,
I'll hand you two kids.
- What do you say?
- Two kids?
Of course.
A girl in my mother's memory,
and a boy in your dad's memory.
- One in my uncle's memory as well…
- Sure!
One in your uncle's memory,
another in my grandma's memory,
If we keep having kids,
I'll just run away someday.
Run away?
Where will you go?
Do you think
I'd let go of you so easily?
Even if you're across the seven seas,
I'll pick you up and drop you right here!
Where will you drop me?
You can't even swim properly.
What if I can't swim?
I've got loads of love for you.
Hey!
Get up!
Move it! Everyone!
What's happening, bro?
Whoever comes to our country from India,
- Rakim welcomes them in this manner.
- Rakim bhai!
Hey, write "Hindustan" on that wall.
Hey!
Everyone, give him a salute!
What are you guys looking at? Salute!
Your national song,
"Vande Mataram…"
- Can anyone sing it?
- I can, sir!
Kittu!
Mashallah!
Come on.
Awesome.
- You can sing, right?
- Yes.
Come on.
Sing.
Sing loudly!
If you sing here, it should be
heard in your country, India!
Salute!
Sing now, son.
- Sing.
- I will.
Vande Mataram!
Rich with water, rich in fruits…
Very nice.
Hey, you! Aren't you feeling bad?
Or have you gotten used to ignoring
whatever we do to your country?
That's no big deal.
Even a street dog feels the urge
to urinate when it sees a wall.
Well said!
Then write "Pakistan" on that wall.
If any Indian present here has the guts,
let them urinate on it.
If all the street dogs in our country
head towards yours,
your country would disappear
from the world map.
There you go!
Hey! What are you doing?
Started with the fights already?
Who's starting a fight, sir?
Can't you see who's waiting to kill whom?
Hey!
Even I feel like killing you guys.
He's a terrorist.
Won't he feel like it?
Hey, move it.
Everybody, move!
Wait up, Rakim.
This is your last warning.
Those 22 men out there
are in remand and the court records.
Remember that.
Remember where you are
and what's at stake.
Don't get worked up for no reason.
Would you value your pride
or your life? Idiot!
Go.
Hey!
Are you the Thandel?
What does Thandel mean?
Owner?
No, sir.
Leader!
SATHYA RAJU
It's been months
since I heard your voice.
I don't remember the last time
I saw your photo on my phone.
I'm unable to control myself, darling.
How are you, Uncle?
Boy!
Dear! Son-in-law is here.
Please come in.
Bring some water, dear.
That's alright, Uncle.
How are the preparations
coming along, Uncle?
We completed the rice ceremony
for Lord Ganesha this morning.
We'll be taking up work one by one.
- Dad, here.
- Well…
can the wedding still be postponed
after the rice ceremony?
Why do you say that?
Is there a problem?
The thing is if you
buy gold in installments,
you must clear
all the payments to fully own it.
Similarly, even Sathya
has some unfinished installments.
Those three words with Raju.
Uncle, listen.
There's nothing to worry about.
What's more important
than me marrying Sathya
is that Sathya marries me with happiness.
Ladies! If your men are stuck
in Pakistan, come and gather here!
Sathya.
Come here.
- This way, lady. Please stand here.
- Let's get our photo clicked.
Come!
Raju, everyone has received
a letter from home.
Your mom wrote you a letter,
but why didn't Sathya write one?
Who told you she didn't write to me?
My darling poured her heart out
with just one teardrop.
Your love is too vast for words
That's what you made me realize
In the darkness that surrounds me
Your tear-stained letter
Is my only light
My guiding light
Hey! Only you two are coming.
Where's Kittu?
He came 30 minutes ago
saying he was hungry.
What 30 minutes ago? He was
with you and should come with you.
He said he'd come here.
Can't you dimwits
take care of a child?
If he left 30 minutes ago,
why isn't he here yet?
Hey, Suri!
Kittu! Kittu!
- Go and search near the bathroom.
- Okay, bro.
- Let's go.
- Take this.
Kittu!
Kittu.
Hey, Kittu! Dear!
Get up!
- What happened?
- Kittu!
- Get up!
- What happened?
- Hey!
Kittu!
- Kittu.
- Tell us what happened.
Say something.
- Kittu.
- Get up…
Suri, take him to the doctor fast.
- Get going!
- Kittu!
Hold him tight!
I did it, guys.
Cleansing.
Raju!
Daddha… he's calling us.
Even stray dogs pee, don't they?
There should be a difference
between us and the dogs, right?
That's why it's not a mistake.
Oh my!
Snapping a manja
isn't as easy as talking big.
I've already sent your plea
to the central government.
I'll do everything I can.
I also sent the file
to the collector's office.
We, too, would be happy
to see your men return home.
It's all in the hands
of Ms. Sushila Swaraj in Delhi.
Everything will be alright.
Just be brave.
Though he offered no help,
the minister's verbal assurances
gave us hope and courage.
It is difficult to survive
without money.
Eat up, dear.
Look. The child is unable
to eat tasteless food.
All those days
our men were working hard at sea,
we thought they were away from us.
With them no longer at sea,
our lives changed within six months.
Lend me money this one time.
I'll return it when my husband returns.
You'll get it. But you don't have to
return the favor with money.
I'll accept anything you give.
Think about it once.
Give it! Get lost!
- I beg you. I'll pay you in four days.
- How long do I wait?
Have you lost it?
Won't you even spare
a pregnant woman for money?
I can't go hungry just because
this woman is pregnant.
How much does she owe you?
Tell me, I'll pay.
Really? You can pay for this month.
What about next month?
And the one after that?
What are you thinking?
Look at her, always ready to ask!
In another six months,
even our dead bodies
won't be found in the village.
Get lost!
He won't even leave a rupee.
- Hello?
- Sathya?
- Can you help me with something?
- What is it?
- I need to go to Gujarat.
Why Gujarat?
As usual, the boss withheld
seven months of wages.
I don't understand what he gains
by holding onto our hard-earned money.
Come in.
- Who are you, girl?
- I'm from Matchilesam.
Why are you here?
I'm here to collect the seven months'
pending salary for our men.
Have you got any shame?
What makes you think
you can demand this?
I'm not asking you for a loan.
- It's the pay for our men's hard work.
- Hey!
Lower your voice!
Yes, I did hold back some of their money.
But I won't give it to you.
What will you do about it?
Your anger and your sob story
won't get anything out of me.
Get lost!
Your face irritates me!
Sathya, when it comes to paying money,
this is how these people behave.
Don't take it to heart.
Even your men couldn't get him
to pay up the dues.
How can we do it?
Come on. Let's go home.
Oh my! What's this?
Are you protesting?
This is my area.
Freedom! Freedom!
- Freedom!
- Hey, who's that girl?
She's related to Raju,
who's been arrested in Pakistan.
She's here for the pending salaries.
Yeah, right!
As if that man is going to pay!
Listen, girl. Nothing will happen.
No one will help you
no matter how long you protest.
I don't mind, brother.
Only when our fishing nets
drop into the sea
will the coffers
of these businessmen fill.
And do you know
what he said when I asked
for our money
to save our kids from starvation?
Hardworking people
like us need your support.
- Breaking the shackles…
- Hey!
- Freedom!
- All of you!
Stop the boat and come here.
- Hey, come on.
- Hey, he's calling us.
Freedom! Freedom!
In a war without an army
Courage is the only weapon, march on!
Who dares to stop me
If I question these limits?
Freedom! Freedom!
Freedom!
All our boats have stopped
because of you.
Settle her dues
and send her away quickly.
Here's everything I owe you.
A Telugu girl came to Gujarat
and fought a long battle against
the bosses to recover her due payments.
While we're spending
our days in tears,
how could you be so brave, Sathya?
Why should we leave our men's
hard-earned money with someone else
suffer from hunger?
My kid got his tonsils
removed, guys.
My oldie got a new pair of glasses.
I was worried all these days whether
she'd sign those property papers.
Nothing to fear now.
I own all the property.
We thought we'd dry up
by the time they returned.
But we can eat today,
thanks to you.
Bless you.
Calm down, Aunty.
My heart is beating happily, Raju.
I thought my baby would die
because of hunger.
Sathya, if my kid lives,
it's only because of you.
If it's a boy, I'll name him Raju.
And if it's a girl, I'll give her
your name, Sathya.
- Freedom! Freedom!
- Freedom!
Rajulamma is protecting us
through Sathya.
Hey, Raju. If you're Thandel Raja,
Sathya is Thandel Rani.
They're from my village, ma'am.
We raised a plea.
It's still under process.
Your involvement
would speed things up, ma'am.
Getting them released would increase
our party's vote bank in my area.
We should work for the well-being
of our people, not just for votes.
Nation first, party next, self last.
This is what I believe.
If those men are innocent,
start efforts to get them released.
Thank you, ma'am.
- Hello?
- I'm calling from the office
of the External Affairs Minister,
Sushila Swaraj.
The 22 men stuck in that country
have received their release orders.
Your men will be released
on August 15th. Okay?
Thank you! Thank you, sir!
- Aunty! Gouramma Aunty!
- What is it?
Our people are coming
home on August 15th!
- Raju too!
- Is Raju returning?
So, shall we fix the wedding date?
The time has come for you
to say those three words to Raju.
The Karachi court issued an order
to release 22 Indians who
were captured on Pakistani soil.
Freedom! Freedom!
Freedom!
Why are you laughing, sister?
You're doing precisely what
Raju would do in this situation.
What's the matter?
Just because I got the money,
how's this acting like Raju?
I'm doing all this so that
our children can go to school
and we can have enough to eat.
Sister, whether you
believe it or not,
my love for him died when he left me
without even caring for me.
If your love for him is dead,
why won't you eat the meat?
What's the connection
between the two?
I don't like him anymore.
You don't like him, right?
Then, eat this.
Eat it! Just eat it!
If your love for him is dead,
what's the problem
with eating this fish curry?
Eat it.
Sathya!
His good luck started when
your girl agreed to marry him.
These are good times
in his life now.
He's unstoppable.
The priest said September 2nd
is a very auspicious day.
Shall we fix the wedding
on that day?
What do you say?
What do you say, dear?
Alright then,
brother-in-law.
SATHYA WEDS MURALI
KORACHA'S WEDDING INVITATION
02-09-2019 WEDNESDAY
SATHYA WEDS MURALI
It's Sathya's wedding card, Daddha.
Why shouldn't we tell him?
If he finds out, his heart
won't just stop. It'll explode!
What shall we do?
Hey, when is the wedding?
September 2nd.
We'll be released on August 15th.
When Raju is beside her,
who'd dare marry Sathya?
He can't know a thing about
this until then. Be careful.
Given good bilateral relations,
these 22 Indian fishermen
are being released on court order
on August 15th, 2019.
We are leaving, Daddha.
We'll be home soon.
- Please take care of them. Be careful.
- Yes, sir.
- Sir? What's going on?
- Keep moving. Move fast.
- What's happening, sir?
- Move outside. Come on!
- Sir?
- Take them away.
- What happened?
- Move, everyone!
- Sir, what happened?
- Get down!
- Sir! Sir!
- Sir!
- Sir…
- Sir, what happened?
Sir?
Kashmir has always been
a part of India, and it will remain so.
What are you saying?
Article 370, which allows special
status to Jammu and Kashmir,
has been abrogated by
the Government of India,
creating a lot of havoc
in the neighboring country.
The country requests that
the government's decision regarding
an independent Jammu Kashmir be
reversed or it'll lead to consequences.
India has abolished Article 370.
It's chaos outside.
Article 370?
What is that?
Kashmir is our heart.
You Indians have stolen it from us.
Kashmir was always ours. Right, sir?
Kashmir is our heart!
They have stolen it from us!
We'll not spare these Indians!
If they know Indians
are with you… mashallah!
There's a huge crowd. Our battalion…
- We won't leave you, Indians!
- Hey!
We can't control the mob even if
the entire nation's army is deployed.
Out. Everyone out.
Brother, they're our prisoners.
In times like this,
everyone is the same. Come.
What… what are you hiding?
You… Indians?
Are you all Indians?
Hey!
All of them are Indians!
Kill them all.
All of you, come in.
Hey, come along.
It's an emergency, sir.
Amidst the ruckus outside,
22 fishermen are stranded.
Daddha, be careful.
Hey, you guys come along.
You guys leave.
How far did you get?
We tried our best, sir.
It's a huge crowd. We're sorry.
It was beyond our control.
Raju and all his men
are running away from us.
But they won't stay alive
in this country.
What are you talking about?
Kashmir is ours!
Pakistan…
Sir, Raju and his friends
are either already dead,
or if they're strong enough, they
might have escaped to their country.
The higher authorities will take
action against us and suspend us.
Sir!
We thought you guys would run away.
We have done nothing wrong
to run away, sir.
We got lost and ended up here.
- Hello?
- Hello, I'm calling from Matchilesam.
Srikakulam… Veeravali Port. I…
Yes, Ms. Sathya. Tell me.
We heard they're delaying the release of
our people due to the situation outside.
Please let me speak to the minister once.
Ma'am isn't here to speak to you.
She's no more.
- Hello?
- Sir.
Can you do something to help with
our people's canceled release orders?
To reissue the release orders
passed by Sushila Swaraj,
you should go to Delhi and try to meet
her daughter, Bansuri Swaraj.
If there's anyone who can
help you in this matter, it's her.
Please go to Delhi.
Thank you, sir.
You have nothing to worry about.
When we return from Delhi,
we'll return with our village folks.
If you don't mind,
can I call you "my precious"?
I know you don't like it
when anyone other than Raju
calls you that.
But once we get married,
I won't be a stranger to you. Right?
Ma'am!
Ma'am…
Why do you want to stay in an inn?
I said I'd book rooms in a hotel.
I'll stay outside if you wish.
At least you tell her.
It's alright.
It's better if we stay here now.
She's got some issues
to settle with Shiva.
That's why.
Daddha.
Our women in the village
will be disappointed to hear
that our release orders got canceled.
I wrote in the letter that
the release would happen in a week or
ten days, so they should remain patient.
Just mail it and come back.
Daddha.
We wanted to take Kashmir from you
and make your country headless.
Nonetheless…
congratulations to you all!
Congratulations!
Let's celebrate your
Independence Day.
On this special day,
we'll give a gift you'll never forget.
Just for you…
And as per tradition, you will be
singing the national anthem,
"Vande Mataram."
You will sing, right?
If you don't sing properly,
you will get the same treatment
as this little guy.
Got it?
Move!
Rakim bhai!
Tear that flag into pieces!
Close block A.
Close block B.
Hey, block C.
Close all the blocks.
Sir.
- Yes?
- Someone's hoisting the Indian flag, sir.
What do you mean
by the Indian flag?
Alert all the security personnel.
I'm on my way.
Control them till I get there. Okay?
Hey, move!
Move back!
Sir, the situation is out of my control.
Listen. Close down all the gates
connecting block C.
Okay, sir.
Sir, this is a little urgent.
- We've got to get back fast.
- Yes, alright.
- Yes?
- It's a mayhem here.
Indian prisoners are creating trouble.
The situation is out of control.
Hurry to block C now!
What happened, sir?
- Everyone, come on!
- Come on!
Freedom! Freedom!
Raju, be it a man or a flag,
the final honor is to merge
with water, earth, or fire.
Freedom!
When our entire nation is in chaos,
is this where you choose
to show your patriotism?
Idiot!
Jai Hind!
Hey, beat up this rascal.
Lock him up in the dark cell.
Ma'am? Ma'am?
Sathya.
We were able to come this far
with the help of that PA and others,
but do you think she'd meet us?
I'm clueless about
what's going to happen
and what we need to do.
- Hello?
- Is this Sathya from Srikakulam?
Yes. Who's this?
I'm calling from
the Karachi Central Jail, Pakistan.
- Karachi?
- Be on the line for a minute.
Raju. Here, talk to her.
It's your Sathya. Talk to her.
Not like this, brother.
The day I get released…
The moment I step off the train,
I'll grab her hand and run.
We won't catch our breath until we reach
the lighthouse and raise the flag.
I'll pull her close,
hold her tight, and kiss her.
I'll cup her face in my trembling hands…
and whisper through my tears,
"My precious!"
You have to see her then.
Tears glistening in her eyes…
her cheeks flushed red with emotion.
It is for that moment, that sight…
that I've endured everything
and kept going.
I still have hope in life.
What's this, man? You are crazy!
He's not willing to speak to you.
What happened?
Sathya!
How did you get wet?
Why don't you dry yourself off?
I'm famished. Shall we eat?
It's already late.
It's Mom.
- Yes, Mom.
- Kannaiah.
Have you guys started?
What are you still doing over there?
You've got a lot of things
to do back here.
That's alright, Mom.
I'll handle it after I return.
We're not done here yet.
We'll start as soon as we're done.
Give me that.
How can you not start
with your wedding in three days?
Let me speak to the daughter-in-law once.
No, Dad. I said we'll start
when we're done, right?
- Listen to me--
- Hang up now.
They're worried about the pending tasks.
Sathya, the wedding
is in just three days.
But we're still here.
She's not even noticing us.
His parents are worried back there.
Your dad will feel dishonored
if we're late.
What do we do?
Think about it.
The wedding is in three days, right?
Dress me as a bride tomorrow.
- Who's that girl?
- This is a publicity stunt, ma'am.
- You can ignore it.
- Find out the truth before you speak.
Unless a girl is desperate,
she wouldn't be here in this pouring rain…
dressed as a bride.
Open the gate.
I understood the entire thing.
Go back to your village. Get married.
You believed in me and came so far.
I'll try my best. Alright?
Go.
Ma'am, my wedding is in three days.
I promised the villagers I'd get
married once everyone came back.
It's not as easy as you think.
Your people are in Pakistan.
There are regulations and protocols
to get them released.
A lot has changed
between the two nations
after the Article 370 issue.
You know that, right?
Go back to your village.
I'll take care of everything. Okay?
The nation has boundaries…
but our misfortune knows no barriers.
Without us asking, you understood
the pain faced by our men
and passed the release orders.
That was your mother's last signature.
With your mother,
our hopes too have faded away, ma'am.
Wait…
When did you say your wedding is?
September 2nd, ma'am.
I assure you, dear.
I'll speak to the concerned
minister and try my best.
Thank you, ma'am.
Won't my face glow
with a tilak, Sathya?
All this happiness is because of you.
Worried about your brother-in-law,
I was scared about Chinni.
I'm not worried anymore.
The entire village
is celebrating, you know?
Why are you crying?
I'm scared.
His heart will burst the moment
he steps out and finds out the truth.
These years of torment he endured
in Pakistan pales in comparison
to the punishment I inflicted on him
by agreeing to this wedding.
What have I done?
Hearing him speak about me
on the phone the other day,
all I wanted was
to run to him and hold him close.
But, sister, it's not as easy
as putting the oath aside
and indulging in fish curry.
After all this,
looking Raju in the eye…
It's over.
- It's all finished.
- Sathya.
You stand before Lord Shiva himself.
Seek His blessings with
all your heart, and He will answer.
Seek His blessings for one last time.
What should I wish for?
A man goes to work
for his family.
If we send them off with our tears,
this would be the outcome.
If I ask for anything more,
even Lord Shiva would say that
I'm unworthy of Raju.
DONATION BOX
Everyone is happy. Come on.
Oh my love
Hey! Isn't this jailer a nice guy?
- Did they give you sweets?
- Give me half of it.
Look at that baby.
She's so cute!
We had lunch in Pakistan.
- But we'll have dinner in India.
- Yes.
That won't be an ordinary record to beat.
According to the bilateral agreement
between India and Pakistan,
the innocent people who are
imprisoned in both countries
should be freed to go
home to their countries.
In a moment,
the Pakistan government
will announce a list of Indians
to be released.
After their release from
the Karachi Jail,
they can reach the Wagah Border
tomorrow morning.
- Sir?
- Yes.
Sir.
Nakka Bhairavudu.
That's me!
Doodangi Lingaiah.
Daddha. That's you.
Take your card.
I'll take your leave.
Kesam Yerraiah.
Mailapalli Kanakam.
Bommadi Raju.
I'll leave, sister.
Yes. Let's go.
Brother-in-law is coming after two years.
Stay back, sister.
Once back, he'd find me anyway.
I need to be with you right now.
Come. Let's go.
Panta Krishna.
Lachi, come on!
They'll read it.
Come on.
They didn't call me.
Ma'am, the list is completed.
List completed.
Sir, what about me?
Sir, where's my name?
Please check it.
Sir, they didn't call
Lachi's name.
- It's over. I don't know.
- Please check…
Sir, why did you stop only me?
- What's going on?
- Close it.
Sir, please let me go.
- Sir! Please…
- I don't know. I'm helpless.
- Sir, please talk to them.
- Raju, be patient.
- What is this, ma'am?
- Please send me, sir.
Didn't the court order
the release of all these 22 men?
Why is he being held back?
The Indian Embassy has sent
clear identities for everyone.
Lakshman's identity is
the only one we didn't receive.
It's an order not to release
anyone without an identity.
Gentlemen, how can this happen?
This will become
an international issue.
Please take care of it.
Sir, please.
What wrong has he committed?
He was caught along with us.
He took the same route as us.
Sir, please do something.
- Sir!
- Ma'am, please.
If they don't release him,
I'll stay right here.
Guns down!
Raju…
you should leave.
All of this is my karma.
My grandma kept insisting
that I get an Aadhaar card.
I didn't listen to her.
It's my mistake.
Nothing will happen to me.
You go ahead.
You will be released in
three or four days.
If my grandmother asks about me,
tell her I'll come soon.
Where should I go?
Where?
Twenty-two of us arrived here.
And all 22 of us should leave from here.
We should all set foot in Srikakulam,
but I should be the last one to do so.
- Do you get it?
- You're right, Raju!
Raju, listen to me.
All the Indians that came here before,
suffered for many years
and had to stay. Do you understand?
Since the women back home
are stronghearted,
you are going back after two years.
This is a great opportunity.
All of you must leave.
The next release might happen
in seven to ten days.
I'll send him back then.
Okay, sir.
Just seven to ten days, right?
I'll stay here until then.
- Raju…
- Raju, what are you doing?
Raju.
Everything doesn't happen
as we want them to.
We should adjust
to situations accordingly.
He will return.
Come with us, Raju.
- Get up.
- Why are you talking like this?
Did we stay with them for two years?
Can't I stay back for him
for another two days?
You guys leave.
Raju, listen to me.
You get started.
I'll stay back instead.
You should return to the village now.
Get up. Come.
Hey, Lachi! Don't worry.
We are going together. That's it.
How do I tell you?
If you don't go now
and do as you please…
you can no longer be with Sathya!
She's getting married tomorrow!
Shut up, Daddha.
She probably said it
out of anger toward me.
She won't get married.
Hey, give me that card!
Look at this!
KORACHA'S WEDDING INVITATION
SATHYA WEDS MURALI
Daddha…
What was my crime?
Why this cruel sentence?
You silenced my breath
Signed my fate, and cast me away
I swore no distance
Could tear us apart
Yet today, I see my own foolish heart
You vowed to cross seven seas for me
But left me drowning in sorrow instead
Just for you
I waited all these days
My precious
Just for me
All I have left now are my tears
O precious!
She pierced my heart, Daddha.
I didn't see this coming at all.
Her heart must've been so broken…
for her to make such a decision.
Whatever the reason may be…
you should never make a woman cry.
She will hurt you really badly.
Whatever.
Why didn't any of you tell me?
Hey, Raju.
Don't be disheartened.
Stand in front of her once.
If you are with her,
how can she marry someone else?
Start right now.
Come. Let's go.
Come with us, Raju.
Come on.
Raju!
- Brother…
- Hey, Raju!
- Raju…
- Raju!
Ma'am!
- What's happening, sir?
- Let me handle this. Please.
Guards, guns down.
Back to positions.
Hey, Lachi. Come, sit here.
All this talk of love and marriage
is confusing to me, Daddha.
But unless Lachi leaves from here,
Raju won't budge either.
What is he doing?
There's no confusion in this.
Raju.
Once the clock strikes twelve,
we can't release you guys.
Who knows
when they'll release you again?
Think again.
The girl you love is
getting married back there.
Think again, Raju.
Our love decides my marriage.
But I won't leave him stranded here.
Raju, will you come with us or not?
He won't come.
He's Thandel!
The leader!
Even though he was in Pakistan,
he didn't spare Rakim for his pride.
Even though it was a Pakistani
who was drowning, he saved him.
How could you expect him
to leave behind one of you?
He won't.
If they're not coming,
we're not moving an inch from here.
- Sit.
- Stay seated.
Ma'am, you are witnessing all of this.
Tell us, what do we do now?
What's the procedure?
We will not let him pass without
his proper Indian photo identity.
Indian Embassy.
It's up to you now.
Okay.
If we don't get them released now,
the authorities will make it
difficult later.
We had lunch in Pakistan.
But we'll have dinner in India.
That won't be an ordinary record to beat.
Do anything before 12:00 a.m.
Yes.
Sir, an iris and thumbprint scan
is mandatory to create an identity card.
Sir…
We're running out of time, sir.
We have only one hour left
to get the fishermen released.
Ma'am!
Okay. Okay, sir.
What happened, Nizamuddin?
Sir, it's past 12 o'clock.
- Man, how could this happen?
- Oh no!
For the record,
write the release time as 11:55 p.m.
Sir?
It's not yet 12:00 a.m. in this country.
- Open the gate.
- Yes, sir.
Please update the same
in your records.
Okay, sir.
Raju.
Yeah! Lachi!
Let's go home.
Come running to us!
Raju…
the one who takes the first step forward
to protect his team
and the last one to set foot on the shores
while rescuing the same team…
is the Thandel.
RAMA
Yes. There they are.
Come. Please come.
Come, dear.
Come.
- How are you, dear?
- Where's Chinni?
Hey! We are getting married
in 30 minutes. Are you ready?
What now? You were
ready in Delhi, right?
If the flag isn't there,
it means Raju has arrived, right?
When we asked in Delhi
about you becoming a bride,
I thought I'd be your husband.
But I realized later that it was
to get rid of all obstacles for Raju.
I paid for the flight ticket
and brought him here.
You should only take what you
can afford to repay in installments.
It's not right to wish
for things beyond that.
It's sad to let go of a girl like you.
But there's nothing I can do.
If you want to do
something nice for me,
pay for the flight ticket
charges and other expenses.
I'll settle all that with Uncle.
I mean, your father.
Can I leave now?
When have you ever stayed?
Like a flag dancing wild in the wind
My heart dances with joy at your return
Like a boat finally reaching the shore
My world erupts, seeing you once more
I've waited forever
Longing to see you
One glimpse is all I need
Just for you
I've been waiting with all my heart
This precious one
Just for you
Has hidden every ounce of love
Your precious one
Sorry for taking it this far.
You should apologize as well now.
I was planning to go straight
to the wedding and enjoy the feast.
But since your dad is frugal,
the food might not be that great.
That's why I came straight here.
Now, get lost!
Yeah, right!
I rushed from D Matchilesam to Delhi
only to get lost!
I went to Wagah Border.
I picked a fight at Veeravali Port.
I prayed daily to Shiva and Parvati
asking them to set you free!
All for what? To leave you?
Hey!
How many tanks of water
do you carry inside you?
I don't understand!
Streams of tears
are flowing from your eyes!
- I'm leaving now.
- My precious…
- Let go! Let me go!
- I won't. No.
- My precious!
- Leave…
I'm here now.
Please smile.
INDIAN FISHERMEN ARRESTED AT SEA
IN KARACHI
REGARDS: FISHERMEN S.T SADHNA SAMITI
SRIKAKULAM
JAI DURGA BHAVANI
SALUTATIONS TO LORD SHIVA
AMMA
I MISS U
DISAPPOINTMENT AGAIN!
I AM EAGERLY WAITING TO SEE MY HUSBAND
RELATIONSHIPS… CAPTIVES!
HEALTH IS DETERIORATING
THE PEOPLE AROUND
ARE SPEAKING DISRESPECTFULLY